Audit log streaming ip ranges (#26648)
github/docs: content/admin/monitoring-activity-in-your-enterprise/reviewing-audit-logs-for-your-enterprise/streaming-the-audit-log-for-your-enterprise.md

To stream audit logs to Splunk's HTTP Event Collector (HEC) endpoint you must make sure that the endpoint is configured to accept HTTPS connections. For more information, see [Set up and use HTTP Event Collector in Splunk Web](https://docs.splunk.com/Documentation/Splunk/latest/Data/UsetheHTTPEventCollector) in the Splunk documentation.

{% ifversion ghec %}

> To get a list of IP address ranges that {% data variables.product.prodname_dotcom %} uses for connections to the HEC endpoint, you can use the "[AUTOTITLE](/enterprise-cloud@latest/rest/meta/meta#get-github-enterprise-cloud-meta-information)" API endpoint. For the current list, see the `hooks` key in the response of the [meta](https://api.github.com/meta) endpoint.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To get a list of IP address ranges that {% data variables.product.prodname_dotcom %} uses for connections to the HEC endpoint, you can use the REST API. The `meta` endpoint for {% data variables.product.product_name %} includes a `hooks` key with a list of the IP addresses. For more information, see "[Meta](/rest/meta/meta#get-github-enterprise-cloud-meta-information)" in the REST API documentation.
```
